In this video, we're going to install a couple of dependencies to get our test set up, up and running.
So I'm going to go over to my terminal.
I'm going to make sure I'm inside my service directory and we will do an NPM install.
Now, very critically, these test dependencies are going to install are going to be marked as development
dependencies.
So we're going to add on that save dev flag right there.
I'll show you why we were adding this in in just a moment.
I'm then going to list out all the stuff we're going to install.
So I'll do an at types, just at types super test.
We'll get just we are going to get something else called just.
Super test.
And then MongoDB memory server.
Okay.
So let's run this command because it is going to take a little bit to install and we'll discuss exactly
what's going on with all this.
All right.
So this is going to kick off the installation process, and I'm just going to sit here at the screen
for a little bit.
You're going to start to see that as we install a very particular package, the one called MongoDB Memory
Server, there's actually a rather large download to go along with it.
Now, just before this video, I pre-installed that thing just to save a little bit of time in this
video.
But for you, you're probably going to see that it's downloading a file that is 80 megabytes large or
so.
So that is this copy of MongoDB that is going to be running in memory.
The reason we are running a copy of Mongo in memory is that we can easily test multiple databases at
the same time.
Remember, we really want to be able to run tests for different services concurrently on the same machine.
That might eventually start to be a little bit challenging if we are having them all connect to the
same instance of MongoDB.
So rather than having all these different services connecting to the same test instance of Mongo, we're
going to instead create a MongoDB memory server or an instance of Mongo in memory.
For each of these different services we are testing, it's going to end up running much, much more
quickly.
Now that 80 megabyte download is something that we really do not want to repeat every single time that
we tried to build up our Docker image for the service.
The only thing that's going to be running inside of our Docker container for the service is the actual
express application.
We have said that we're not going to be running our tests inside of that image at any point in time.
So we don't really need to install any of these dependencies as we are building that image.
That's why we installed them as development dependencies.
We're not going to go over to our Docker file and we're going to update it to make sure that whenever
we build an image for the service, we do not attempt to install these development dependencies.
And again, so we can avoid downloading that 80 megabyte file every single time we have to rebuild our
image.
So I'm going to go back over to my editor.
I'm going to find my Docker file inside the auth directory and I'm going to modify the NPM install command.
I'm going to change the very end of it to only fraud like so.
And then I'll save the file.
So now if we ever decide to install more dependencies into our project or change any other file that's
going to cause the image to be rebuilt, we will not have to sit around and wait for that 80 megabyte
download.
This might sound like a very small optimization, but you're going to see that we're going to actually
have to rebuild our image several times in the coming videos or as we build in one last thing to our
service here.
And if we had to redownload that MongoDB memory server every single time, it would be really annoying
really quickly.
Okay.
So back at my terminal, it looks like all those dependencies were installed.
So let's take a quick pause right here and we're going to start to make use of these things.
I know we haven't really discussed each of them in detail yet.
We're going to start to wear them all up in the next video.